docs: Add a function example with ggraph to the README (#10)
dalmolingroup/easylayout: README.md

plot(g, layout = easylayout, vertex.label = NA, margin = 0)
```

> You can also run easylayout as a function and attribute the results to a
> variable, containing the layout itself:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also run easylayout as a standalone function, attributing its output
to a variable in your R environment. The output is just a 2-column matrix:
```

``` r
layout <- easylayout(g)
```

> Once you achieve your desired layout, retrieve the results back to your
> R environment and use a plotting package to display the resulting
> network. In the example below, we set the x and y values to node
> attributes and plot the network using ggraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you store the final coordinates to a variable, use any plotting package to
display the network. In the example below, we plot the network using ggraph.
```

``` r

> V(g)$x <- layout[, 1]
> V(g)$y <- layout[, 2]
> 
> ggraph::ggraph(g, layout = "manual", x = V(g)$x, y = V(g)$y) +
>   ggraph::geom_edge_link() +
>   ggraph::geom_node_point()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ggraph::ggraph(g, layout = layout) +
  ggraph::geom_edge_link() +
  ggraph::geom_node_point(aes(color = color)) + 
  coord_fixed() +
  theme_void()
```

Author: bunitin
